foreground	Which miRNAs could be used as potential biomarkers for epithelial ovarian cancer?
foreground	Is the monoclonal antibody Trastuzumab (Herceptin) of potential use in the treatment of prostate cancer?
foreground	What is the effect of ivabradine in heart failure after myocardial infarction?
foreground	Is Alu hypomethylation associated with breast cancer?
foreground	Do mutations of AKT1 occur in meningiomas?
foreground	Is irritable bowel syndrome more common in women with endometriosis?
foreground	Does BNP increase after intensive exercise in athletes?
foreground	What is the association of estrogen replacement therapy and intracranial meningioma risk?
foreground	Is peripheral neuroepithelioma related to Ewing sarcoma?
foreground	which mutations of troponin C gene have been found to cause hypertrophic cardiomyopathy?
foreground	What is known about the effect of acupuncture in smoking cessation ?
foreground	Is pregnancy an additional risk during during H1N1 infection?
foreground	Is TENS machine effective in pain?
foreground	In which breast cancer patients can palbociclib be used?
foreground	Is CD56 useful in Ewing sarcoma prognosis?
foreground	Is valproic acid effective for glioblastoma treatment?
foreground	Can Levoxyl (levothyroxine sodium) cause insomnia?
foreground	Is fatigue prevalent in patients receiving treatment for glioblastoma?
foreground	What is the association between personality trait of neuroticism and risk for Alzheimer's disease?
foreground	Is there a genetic component for happiness?
foreground	Is amantadine effective for treatment of disorders conciousness?
foreground	What is known about clinical efficacy of ceftriaxone for treatment of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis?
foreground	Does strenuous physical activity affect thyroid hormone metabolism?
foreground	Which mutations of phopspholamban have been found in patients with cardiomyopathy?
foreground	Is there an increased risk for cancer in Dyskeratosis Congenita?
foreground	Is CD84 genetically associated with arthritis?
foreground	Is cytisine superior to nicotine replacement therapy for smoking cessation?
foreground	Are proteasome inhibitors good candidates for treatment of leukemia and solid tumors?
foreground	What is the prognostic role of thyroid hormone in patients with heart failure?
foreground	Does administration of triiodothyronine improve outcome following coronary artery bypass grafting?
foreground	Is long QT syndrome a cause for sudden cardiac death in athletes?
foreground	Has vitamin D has been shown to reduce incidence of falls in older people in clinical trials?
foreground	Has depression been shown to be a predictor of frailty?
foreground	Is it safe to take isotretinoin during pregnancy?
foreground	How does exercise affect thyroid hormone receptors expression in the heart?
foreground	What is the effect of ivabradine in heart failure with preserved ejection fraction?
foreground	Is low T3 syndrome a prognostic marker in patients with renal insufficiency?
foreground	Can life style changes reduce oxidative stress
foreground	Does helicobacter pylori infection increase risk for ischemic stroke?
foreground	Is apixaban effective for treatment of acute venous thromboembolism?
foreground	Are reduced-nicotine cigarettes effective for smoking cessation?
foreground	Is ospemifene effective for treatment of dyspareunia?
foreground	Is pregabalin effective for treatment of patients with restless leg syndrome?
foreground	is intense physical activity associated with longevity ?
foreground	Is Vortioxetine effective for treatment of depression?
foreground	Is alemtuzumab effective for remission induction in patients diagnosed with T-cell prolymphocytic leukemia?
foreground	What is the association between moon cycle and rupture risk  of intracranial aneurysms?
foreground	Is there an association between TERT promoter mutation and survival of glioblastoma patients?
foreground	Is bapineuzumab effective for treatment of patients with Alzheimer's disease?
foreground	What is known about the association between the use of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors during pregnancy and risk for autism in offspring?
foreground	Is lambrolizumab effective for treatment of patients with melanoma ?
foreground	Is nintedanib effective for Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis?
foreground	Is pesticide exposure associated with polyneuropathy?
foreground	Is there an association between borna virus and brain tumor?
foreground	Is there an association between bruxism and reflux?
foreground	Is paroxetine effective for treatment of premenstrual dysphoric disorder?
foreground	What is known about thalidomide therapy and survival of glioblastoma patients?
foreground	Can botulism poisoning of a pregnant woman harm her fetus?
foreground	Is there evidence that tomato juice lowers cholesterol levels?
foreground	How effective is the dentritic cells treatment on cancer?
foreground	Is progesterone effective for treatment of patients with traumatic brain injury based on clinical trial data?
foreground	Is there a role for the cylindromatosis tumor suppressor (CYLD) in lung cancer?
foreground	What are the clinical trial outcomes of metformin use in polycystic ovary disease?
foreground	What is the association between Generalized anxiety disorder and mortality risk?
foreground	Are people with blood group O protected against severe Malaria?
foreground	Can vitamin B1 deficiency cause encephalopathy?
foreground	Is Kanzaki disease associated with deficiency in alpha-N-acetylgalactosaminidase?
foreground	Is vemurafenib effective for hairy-cell leukemia?
foreground	Is there an association between TERT promoter mutation and survival of glioma patients?
foreground	Are BBS mutations involved in syndromic Hirschsprung disease?
foreground	Have hESC been tested for the treatment of age-related macular degeneration?
background	Does metformin interfere thyroxine absorption?
background	Which acetylcholinesterase inhibitors are used for treatment of myasthenia gravis?
background	Name synonym of Acrokeratosis paraneoplastica.
background	Which are the classes of anti-arrhythmic drugs according to Vaughan-Williams classification?
background	Orteronel was developed for treatment of which cancer?
background	Which currently known mitochondrial diseases have been attributed to POLG mutations?
background	What is the mode of inheritance of Wilson's disease?
background	What is the mode of inheritance of Facioscapulohumeral muscular dystrophy (FSHD)?
background	What is the effect of TRH on myocardial contractility?
background	List the endoscopic diagnoses that have been reported in children with autism
background	What are the outcomes of Renal sympathetic denervation?
background	What are the main indications of lacosamide?
background	Which fusion protein is involved in the development of Ewing sarcoma?
background	List Hemolytic Uremic Syndrome Triad.
background	Does physical activity influence gut hormones?
background	Are there web based self management strategies for chronic pain ?
background	Is Weaver syndrome similar to Sotos?
background	Mutation of which gene is implicated in the familial isolated pituitary adenoma?
background	GV1001 vaccine targets which enzyme?
background	Mutation of which gene is implicated in the Brain-lung-thyroid syndrome?
background	Which enzyme is targeted by the drug Imetelstat?
background	Which interleukins are inhibited by Dupilumab?
background	Are transcribed ultraconserved regions involved in cancer?
background	Do patients with Pendred syndrome present congenital deafness?
background	List side effects of SGLT2 inhibitors?
background	Are there any urine biomarkers for chronic kidney disease?
background	What is being measured with an accelerometer in back pain patients
background	List symptoms of the IFAP syndrome.
background	Which gene is required for the efficient function of clopidogrel?
background	Which antibiotics target peptidoglycan biosynthesis?
background	List two common features of Tay syndrome.
background	Which cell types are known to be driving Rheumatoid Arthritis?
background	What is the mode of action of everolimus?
background	Have Quantitative Trait Loci affecting splicing (splicing QTLs) been linked to disease?
background	Which technique is used for detection of EWS/FLI1 fusion transcripts?
background	Which pathological condition of the heart is known as hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM)?
background	What is the genetic basis of Rubinstein-Taybi syndrome?
background	Which drugs are utilized to treat amiodarone-induced thyroitoxicosis?
background	How is spastic diplegia diagnosed?
background	Which is the genetic defect causing Neurofibromatosis type 1?
background	How many clinical trials for off-label drugs in neonates are cited in the literature.
background	Are stress granules involved in the pathogenesis of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis?
background	Does TGF-beta play a role in cardiac regeneration after myocardial infarction?
background	What enzyme is inhibied by Opicapone?
background	Which pathological conditions are caused by mutations in the CYLD gene?
background	Which is the genetic basis of Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA)?
background	Which are the common symptoms of Cushing's syndrome?
background	List genes that have been found mutated in CMT1A (Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1 A).
background	Which viruses are best known to cause myocarditis?
background	Which genes have been associated with Cerebral Cavernous Malformation?
background	Is DITPA a thyroid hormone analog utilized in experimental and clinical studies
background	What is Tarlov Cyst?
background	What are 'vildagliptin', 'sitagliptin', 'saxagliptin', 'alogliptin', 'linagliptin', and 'dutogliptin'?
background	Which is the most important prognosis sub-classification in Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia?
background	Is MammaPrint cleared by the United States Food and Drug Administration? 
background	What is hyperosmia
background	Which is the most known bacterium responsible for botulism (sausage-poisoning)?
background	What is the association of spermidine with a-synuclein neurotoxicity?
background	List symptoms of 4H leukodystrophy.
background	Is amiodarone a class I anti-arrhythmic drug?
background	Which is the prognostic meaning of delayed enhancement documented in patients hypertrophic cardiomyopathy?
background	Are there drugs for Tick-borne Encephalitis?
background	Which are the drugs utilized for the burning mouth syndrome?
background	Is PTEN involved in follicular thyroid carcinoma?
background	Which human genes are more commonly related to craniosynostosis?
background	Which are the supplemental antioxidant in athletes?
background	Is glycyl-tRNA synthetase gene involved in the development of Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease?
background	Does MicroRNA-21 (miR-21) contribute to cardiovascular disease?
background	What is the enzymatic activity of the breast cancer associated gene BRCA1?
background	Are there any specific antidotes for rivaroxaban?
background	Which amino acid residue appears mutated in most of the cases reported with  cadasil syndrome?
background	Which syndromes are associated with mutations in the EZH2 gene?
background	Which disease is characterized by congenital absence of intrinsic ganglion cells of the gastrointestinal tract?
background	What is the disease in which patients are sensitive to DNA crosslinking agents, presenting with a high frequency of chromosomal aberrations?
background	How is oprozomib administered?
background	Does thyroid hormone regulate calcium transient in the myocardium? 
background	Which syndrome is associated with mutant DVL1?
background	What is the target of the drug Olaparib?
background	Are thyroid hormone receptor alpha1 mutations implicated in thyroid hormone resistance syndrome?
background	What is the role of RhoA in bladder cancer?
background	Inhibition of which transporter is the mechanism of action of drug Canagliflozin?
background	which mutations of phospholamban gene have been found to cause hypertrophic cardiomyopathy?
background	Abnormalities in which chromosomes were linked to the Moyamoya disease?
background	What is the suggested therapy for Mycobacterium avium infection?
background	What is the treatment of acute pericarditis?
background	What is the genetic basis of tuberous sclerosis?
background	Which drugs are included in the FEC-75 regimen?
background	What is the clinical value of MammaPrint?
background	What is the number of protein coding genes in the human genome?
background	What is the indication for prophylactic use of antibiotics in COPD?
background	What is the generic name of Gliolan?
background	Which diseases is microRNA 132 (miR-132) implicated in?
background	What clinical use aptamers may have?
background	What is the mechanism of action of Nalmefene?
background	Synostosis of which cranial structures are characteristic to the Mercedes Benz syndrome?
background	Can valproic acid act as an activator of AMPK?
background	Which signaling pathways have been associated with medulloblastoma formation and growth?
background	What is the role of invadopodia in EMT?
background	What are cancer driver genes?
background	What is the treatment of amiodarone-induced thyrotoxicosis?
background	What are the symptoms of abacavir hypersensitivity?
background	Does burning mouth syndrome preferentially affect post-mepopausal women?
background	Which biomarker is widely used in the diagnosis of Ewing sarcoma?
background	Which signalling pathway is involved in Tuberous Sclerosis?
background	Which is the relation between sweating and anaerobic threshold?
background	Which are the major types of the motor speech disorder dysarthria?
background	Describe the mechanism of action of the LINX system for treatment of gastroesophageal reflux disease.
background	Which enzyme deficiency can cause GM1 gangliosidoses?
background	What is the characteristic feature of the Dyke-Davidoff-Masson syndrome.
background	Which gene is involved in the development of Barth syndrome?
background	What is the treatment of subacute thyroiditis?
background	What are the effects of BMAL1 deficiency?
background	What medication were compared in the ROCKET AF Trial?
background	What is the Barr body?
background	How many genes are in the gene signature screened by MammaPrint?
background	Is the tricarboxylic acid (TCA) cycle affected in inflammation?
background	What are the indications for treatment with anti-hepcidin?
background	List functions that are evaluated with the Full Outline of Unresponsiveness score?
background	For the constructions of which organs has 3D printing been tested?
background	Can zinc finger nucleases be used to combat disease?
background	What is known about depression in acoustic neuroma patients?
background	Mutation of which gene is associated with Achondroplasia?
background	Is RET the major gene involved in Hirschsprung disease?
background	Which type of lung cancer is the most strongly associated with Lambert-Eaton syndrome?
background	What distinguishes lantibiotics from antibiotics?
background	List three major features of the CCFDN syndrome.
background	Is TREM2 associated with Alzheimer's disease in humans?
background	Which gene mutations are responsible for isolated Non-compaction cardiomyopathy?
background	Have mutations in the Polycomb group been found in human diseases?
background	Is microRNA(miRNA) 29 involved in post-ischemic cardiac remodeling?
background	What is the incidence of Edwards syndrom in the european population?
background	What is the treatment of acute myocarditis?
background	List causative genes for autosomal recessive forms of monogenic Parkinson's disease
background	How does ranolazine affect calcium handling in the heart
background	Which is the primary distinction between the Reverse Warburg effect and the conventional Warburg effect?
background	What is the role of per genes in circadian rhythm control?
background	Can sorafenib activate AMPK?
background	What tyrosine kinase, involved in a Philadelphia- chromosome positive chronic myelogenous leukemia, is the target of Imatinib (Gleevec)?
background	When was empagliflozin FDA approved?
background	List symptoms of congenital toxoplasmosis triad.
background	How many genes are imprinted in the human genome?
background	Is exome sequencing efficient for the detection of germline mutations?
background	Which mutations of alpha-myosin heavy chain gene are implicated in hypertrophic cardiomyopathy?
background	Which are the cardiac manifestations of Marfan syndrome?
background	How is connected "isolated Non-compaction cardiomyopathy" with dilated cardiomyopathy?
background	What is the role of AMPK in diabetic cardiomyopathy?
background	Which is the most common cause of sudden cardiac death in young athletes?
background	What is the rate of survival after commotio cordis?
background	Which gene is involved in Giant Axonal Neuropathy?
background	Are there studies representing the involvement of Notch mutations in neurodegenerative diseases such as Down syndrome, Pick's and Prion's disease, and cadasil syndrome?
background	What are the names of anti-CD52 monoclonal antibody that is used for treatment of multiple sclerosis patients?
background	Which brain structures have been investigated as potential targets for deep brain stimulation of patients suffering from major depression?
background	Which deiodinase polymorphisms are implicated in arterial hypertension?
background	At which kind of individuals is pharmacological treatment of subclinical hypothyroidism effective in reducing cardiovascular events?
background	Which transcription factors are involved in E-cadherin repression during EMT?
background	Is desmin an intermediate filament protein involved in Dilated Cardiomyopathy (DCM)?
background	List human diseases involving genomic imprinting.
background	Which deficiency is the cause of restless leg syndrome?
background	What memory problems are reported in the " Gulf war syndrome"?
background	Is cadasil syndrome a hereditary disease?
background	Which neuroendocrine tumors are associated with specific tumor syndromes?
background	How many periods of regulatory innovation led to the evolution of vertebrates?
background	What is the role of SERCA in diabetic cardiomyopathy?
background	List medication interfering with purine metabolism that are used for treatment of T-cell prolymphocytic leukemia?
background	What is known about the value of mindfulness interventions in prostate cancer patients?
background	What is known about prostate cancer screening in the UK ?
background	Which hormone abnormalities are common in Williams syndrome ?
background	The secreted frizzled-related protein 3 (sFPR3) is altered in human cancers. Are its level found to increase or to decrease?
background	Is endostatin a proangiogenic factor?
background	List Genes associated with adolescent idiopathic scoliosis
background	List the off-label use of SSRIs
background	What molecule is targeted by brodalumab?
background	Which is the gene mutated in type 1 neurofibromatosis?
background	List receptors of the drug Cilengitide
background	Can protein coding exons originate from ALU sequences?
background	How could U1 small nuclear RNA be used in therapeutics?
background	What is the influence of patent expiry on  ACE inhibitor prescribing.
background	Which genes are more frequently affected by somatic mutations in Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia
background	What is the mode of inheritance of nemaline myopathy?
background	Which syndrome is NHE6 associated with?
background	Which virus is Cidofovir (Vistide) indicated for?
background	List chromosomes that have been linked to Arnold Chiari syndrome in the literature.
background	Which translocation is the hallmark of Ewing sarcoma?
background	Is invasion and metastasis one of the hallmarks of cancer?
background	Is it possible to detect survivin protein expression in normal human adult tissues?
background	List symptoms of Meigs' Syndrome.
background	Which medical diagnostic tests are used to test kidney function?
background	Against which protein is the antibody used for immonostaining of Lewy bodies raised?
background	Which are the main causes of fetal echogenic bowel?
background	How does trimetazidine affect intracellular kinase signaling in the heart?
background	What is the percentage of responders to tetrabenazine treatment for dystonia in children?
background	Which disease can be treated with Delamanid?
background	What was the aim of the COSS (Carotid Occlusion Surgery Study) clinical trial?
background	What is the indication of Daonil (Glibenclamide)?
background	Which molecule is targeted by a monoclonal antibody Mepolizumab?
background	Which is the major symptom of the Doose syndrome?
background	Have mutations in the GARS gene been identified to cause Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease Type 2D (CMT2D)?
background	Which treatment leads to an increase in neutrophil counts in severe congenital neutropenia?
background	Which genes are affected in ROMANO-WARD syndrome?
background	Does melanoma  occur in people of African origin ?
background	What is the effect of resveratrol on mTOR activity?
background	Which eye condition is managed by the athens protocol?
background	What is the mechanism of action of solanezumab?
background	What are the major clinical Villefranche criteria for classic Ehlers-Danlos syndrome?
background	What is the treatment of neuropathic pain in children?
background	Which phenomenon is known as the "calcium paradox" in the isolated perfused heart?
background	What is Prudent Diet?
background	What is the role of necroptosis in cancer therapy?
background	Can venlafaxine block NET and SERT?
background	Is Rheumatoid Arthritis more common in men or women?
background	Are epigenetic modifications implicated in cardiovascular development and disease?
background	Which deiodinases are present in skeletal  muscle?
background	Which genes are involved in patient response to warfarin?
background	List sodium glucose co-transporter-2 (SGLT2) inhibitors that have been FDA approved for type 2 diabetes mellitus treatment.
background	What is the gene mutated in the Gaucher disease?
background	Why does the prodrug amifostine (ethyol) create hypoxia?
background	What is considered a reliable technique for the definitive cytogenetic diagnosis of Fanconi anemia homozygosity?
background	For the treatment of which conditions can atypical neuroleptic drugs be used?
background	Which are the characteristics of  Andersen syndrome?
background	How are induced pluripotent stem cells used in the study and treatment of cardiovascular diseases?
background	Which disease is included as an additional feature in the Goldberg-Shprintzen syndrome?
background	Which protein is causing Netherton syndrome?
background	Mutations in which gene and which protein are associated with Netherton syndrome?
background	Which disease of the central nervous system is characterized by the presence of Lewy bodies?
background	Which deiodinase is known to be present in liver?
background	Is Mycobacterium avium less susceptible to antibiotics than Mycobacterium tuberculosis?
background	What molecule is targeted by suvorexant?
background	For which type of diabetes can empagliflozin be used?
background	How early during pregnancy does non-invasive cffDNA testing allow sex determination of the fetus?
background	Does cortical spreading depression appear in ischemic penumbra following ischemic stroke?
background	Is Alpers disease inherited in an autosomal recessive mode?
background	What is the main characteristic of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis?
background	Which JAK (Janus kinase) inhibitor is approved for treatment of rheumatoid arthritis?
background	Which is the mechanism used for synthesis of a highly functional N-truncated dystrophin isoform that attenuates dystrophinopathy?
background	How is OCT3 associated with serotonin?
background	What constitutes an increased risk for individuals with Fanconi anemia?
background	what is the role of IGF-1 in cardiac regeneration after myocardial infarction?
background	What is known about prostate cancer screening in the UK
background	Which gene is most commonly associated with severe congenital and cyclic neutropenia?
background	List two chemotherapeutic agents that are used for treatment of Subependymal Giant Cell Astrocytoma
background	Is Calcium homeostasis important in cardiac physiology and pathophysiology?
background	List available databases containing information about conserved noncoding elements.
background	What is the function of the mammalian gene Irg1?
background	What disease in Loxapine prominently used for?
background	What is the systemic nickel allergy syndrome?
background	Which antibodies cause Riedel thyroiditis?
background	What are the effects of ILK ablation?
background	Does d-tubocurarine (d-TC) induces irreversible inhibition of nicotinic acetylcholine receptor (nAChR) at the neuromuscular junction?
background	Which receptors are bound by Tasimelteon?
background	Is zyxin a focal adhesion protein?
background	Could DNA (cytosine-5-)-methyltransferases serve as tumour markers?
