1	Is pregabalin effective for treatment of patients with restless leg syndrome?

0	Which gene is involved in the development of Barth syndrome?

0	Which disease is characterized by congenital absence of intrinsic ganglion cells of the gastrointestinal tract?

0	Is zyxin a focal adhesion protein?

0	Which amino acid residue appears mutated in most of the cases reported with  cadasil syndrome?

1	what is the role of IGF-1 in cardiac regeneration after myocardial infarction?

0	Which gene is most commonly associated with severe congenital and cyclic neutropenia?

0	Is invasion and metastasis one of the hallmarks of cancer?

1	What is the association of spermidine with α-synuclein neurotoxicity?

0	For the constructions of which organs has 3D printing been tested?

1	Are BBS mutations involved in syndromic Hirschsprung disease?

0	What is the treatment of acute pericarditis?

1	What is the association of estrogen replacement therapy and intracranial meningioma risk?

0	Is MammaPrint cleared by the United States Food and Drug Administration?

0	How are induced pluripotent stem cells used in the study and treatment of cardiovascular diseases?

0	Which deiodinase is known to be present in liver?

0	"Which phenomenon is known as the ""calcium paradox"" in the isolated perfused heart?"

1	Are epigenetic modifications implicated in cardiovascular development and disease?

1	Which is the prognostic meaning of delayed enhancement documented in patients hypertrophic cardiomyopathy?

0	Which interleukins are inhibited by Dupilumab?

0	Which cell types are known to be driving Rheumatoid Arthritis?

0	Which antibodies cause Riedel thyroiditis?

1	What is the association between Generalized anxiety disorder and mortality risk?

0	How many genes are in the gene signature screened by MammaPrint?

1	Is ospemifene effective for treatment of dyspareunia?

0	Which gene mutations are responsible for isolated Non-compaction cardiomyopathy?

0	What are the indications for treatment with anti-hepcidin?

0	Which pathological condition of the heart is known as hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM)?

0	What is the mode of inheritance of Wilson's disease?

1	Can valproic acid act as an activator of AMPK?

1	What is the number of protein coding genes in the human genome?

0	How many clinical trials for off-label drugs in neonates are cited in the literature.

1	What is the effect of TRH on myocardial contractility?

1	What is the role of RhoA in bladder cancer?

0	List receptors of the drug Cilengitide

0	Has vitamin D has been shown to reduce incidence of falls in older people in clinical trials?

0	Is Rheumatoid Arthritis more common in men or women?

1	Is peripheral neuroepithelioma related to Ewing sarcoma?

0	Are there any specific antidotes for rivaroxaban?

1	Is the monoclonal antibody Trastuzumab (Herceptin) of potential use in the treatment of prostate cancer?

0	What is known about the value of mindfulness interventions in prostate cancer patients?

1	Is low T3 syndrome a prognostic marker in patients with renal insufficiency?

0	Abnormalities in which chromosomes were linked to the Moyamoya disease?

0	What was the aim of the COSS (Carotid Occlusion Surgery Study) clinical trial?

0	What are 'vildagliptin', 'sitagliptin', 'saxagliptin', 'alogliptin', 'linagliptin', and 'dutogliptin'?

0	Are there web based self management strategies for chronic pain ?

0	What is considered a reliable technique for the definitive cytogenetic diagnosis of Fanconi anemia homozygosity?

1	Are transcribed ultraconserved regions involved in cancer?

0	Which acetylcholinesterase inhibitors are used for treatment of myasthenia gravis?

0	Which currently known mitochondrial diseases have been attributed to POLG mutations?

0	List sodium glucose co-transporter-2 (SGLT2) inhibitors that have been FDA approved for type 2 diabetes mellitus treatment.

0	Which technique is used for detection of EWS/FLI1 fusion transcripts?

0	Which disease is included as an additional feature in the Goldberg-Shprintzen syndrome?

0	What is the enzymatic activity of the breast cancer associated gene BRCA1?

1	Can Levoxyl (levothyroxine sodium) cause insomnia?

0	Is Mycobacterium avium less susceptible to antibiotics than Mycobacterium tuberculosis?

0	What is the treatment of acute myocarditis?

1	What is the prognostic role of thyroid hormone in patients with heart failure?

0	What is the genetic basis of Rubinstein-Taybi syndrome?

0	What is the incidence of Edwards syndrom in the european population?

0	Which biomarker is widely used in the diagnosis of Ewing sarcoma?

0	Which hormone abnormalities are common in Williams syndrome ?

0	Inhibition of which transporter is the mechanism of action of drug Canagliflozin?

0	What is the mechanism of action of Nalmefene?

0	Do patients with Pendred syndrome present congenital deafness?

0	Which drugs are included in the FEC-75 regimen?

0	List causative genes for autosomal recessive forms of monogenic Parkinson's disease

1	Can vitamin B1 deficiency cause encephalopathy?

0	What distinguishes lantibiotics from antibiotics?

0	What is being measured with an accelerometer in back pain patients

0	What disease in Loxapine prominently used for?

0	Which medical diagnostic tests are used to test kidney function?

0	List human diseases involving genomic imprinting.

0	Which are the characteristics of  Andersen syndrome?

0	Which are the cardiac manifestations of Marfan syndrome?

1	What is the effect of resveratrol on mTOR activity?

0	List symptoms of Meigs' Syndrome.

0	Which syndrome is NHE6 associated with?

0	Is amiodarone a class I anti-arrhythmic drug?

0	Is Kanzaki disease associated with deficiency in alpha-N-acetylgalactosaminidase?

0	Which are the main causes of fetal echogenic bowel?

0	What is the percentage of responders to tetrabenazine treatment for dystonia in children?

1	Is TREM2 associated with Alzheimer's disease in humans?

0	Is there evidence that tomato juice lowers cholesterol levels?

0	Which molecule is targeted by a monoclonal antibody Mepolizumab?

1	What is the effect of ivabradine in heart failure with preserved ejection fraction?

0	When was empagliflozin FDA approved?

0	Which eye condition is managed by the athens protocol?

1	Does strenuous physical activity affect thyroid hormone metabolism?

1	Is amantadine effective for treatment of disorders conciousness?

0	What is the indication for prophylactic use of antibiotics in COPD?

1	How does trimetazidine affect intracellular kinase signaling in the heart?

0	Which are the drugs utilized for the burning mouth syndrome?

0	Which is the most known bacterium responsible for botulism (sausage-poisoning)?

0	Which disease of the central nervous system is characterized by the presence of Lewy bodies?

1	What is the influence of patent expiry on  ACE inhibitor prescribing.

0	Synostosis of which cranial structures are characteristic to the Mercedes Benz syndrome?

1	Is there an association between TERT promoter mutation and survival of glioblastoma patients?

0	Is fatigue prevalent in patients receiving treatment for glioblastoma?

0	What is the clinical value of MammaPrint?

1	What is the association between personality trait of neuroticism and risk for Alzheimer's disease?

0	List two chemotherapeutic agents that are used for treatment of Subependymal Giant Cell Astrocytoma

0	Have mutations in the Polycomb group been found in human diseases?

0	Which genes have been associated with Cerebral Cavernous Malformation?

0	Are there studies representing the involvement of Notch mutations in neurodegenerative diseases such as Down syndrome, Pick's and Prion's disease, and cadasil syndrome?

0	List medication interfering with purine metabolism that are used for treatment of T-cell prolymphocytic leukemia?

0	Does melanoma  occur in people of African origin ?

0	What tyrosine kinase, involved in a Philadelphia- chromosome positive chronic myelogenous leukemia, is the target of Imatinib (Gleevec)?

1	Is vemurafenib effective for hairy-cell leukemia?

0	Describe the mechanism of action of the LINX system for treatment of gastroesophageal reflux disease.

0	Which enzyme deficiency can cause GM1 gangliosidoses?

0	Mutations in which gene and which protein are associated with Netherton syndrome?

0	Is Alpers disease inherited in an autosomal recessive mode?

0	List functions that are evaluated with the Full Outline of Unresponsiveness score?

0	Can botulism poisoning of a pregnant woman harm her fetus?

0	Against which protein is the antibody used for immonostaining of Lewy bodies raised?

0	List symptoms of the IFAP syndrome.

0	Is irritable bowel syndrome more common in women with endometriosis?

0	Which gene is involved in Giant Axonal Neuropathy?

0	Which brain structures have been investigated as potential targets for deep brain stimulation of patients suffering from major depression?

1	Can sorafenib activate AMPK?

1	Is bapineuzumab effective for treatment of patients with Alzheimer's disease?

0	Which fusion protein is involved in the development of Ewing sarcoma?

0	Mutation of which gene is implicated in the familial isolated pituitary adenoma?

1	What is the role of necroptosis in cancer therapy?

1	Does TGF-beta play a role in cardiac regeneration after myocardial infarction?

0	Which translocation is the hallmark of Ewing sarcoma?

1	Does helicobacter pylori infection increase risk for ischemic stroke?

0	Which are the supplemental antioxidant in athletes?

1	How does ranolazine affect calcium handling in the heart

0	Which is the gene mutated in type 1 neurofibromatosis?

1	What is the role of invadopodia in EMT?

1	Are reduced-nicotine cigarettes effective for smoking cessation?

1	Which is the relation between sweating and anaerobic threshold?

0	List Genes associated with adolescent idiopathic scoliosis

0	Is RET the major gene involved in Hirschsprung disease?

0	What is the rate of survival after commotio cordis?

1	What is the association between moon cycle and rupture risk  of intracranial aneurysms?

0	What are the effects of BMAL1 deficiency?

1	Is endostatin a proangiogenic factor?

0	Which syndromes are associated with mutations in the EZH2 gene?

0	Have hESC been tested for the treatment of age-related macular degeneration?

1	What is the role of AMPK in diabetic cardiomyopathy?

1	Is there an association between borna virus and brain tumor?

0	Is DITPA a thyroid hormone analog utilized in experimental and clinical studies

0	What is the systemic nickel allergy syndrome?

0	Mutation of which gene is implicated in the Brain-lung-thyroid syndrome?

0	What is known about prostate cancer screening in the UK

1	Could DNA (cytosine-5-)-methyltransferases serve as tumour markers?

1	Is pregnancy an additional risk during during H1N1 infection?

0	List side effects of SGLT2 inhibitors?

1	Which deiodinase polymorphisms are implicated in arterial hypertension?

1	Why does the prodrug amifostine (ethyol) create hypoxia?

0	Which are the classes of anti-arrhythmic drugs according to Vaughan-Williams classification?

0	Which gene is required for the efficient function of clopidogrel?

1	Is there a genetic component for happiness?

1	Does BNP increase after intensive exercise in athletes?

0	"What memory problems are reported in the "" Gulf war syndrome""?"

1	Are stress granules involved in the pathogenesis of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis?

1	In which breast cancer patients can palbociclib be used?

1	Is there an association between bruxism and reflux?

0	List genes that have been found mutated in CMT1A (Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1 A).

0	What is the suggested therapy for Mycobacterium avium infection?

0	Is long QT syndrome a cause for sudden cardiac death in athletes?

0	Are there drugs for Tick-borne Encephalitis?

0	Which is the most important prognosis sub-classification in Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia?

0	What is the indication of Daonil (Glibenclamide)?

0	Which is the mechanism used for synthesis of a highly functional N-truncated dystrophin isoform that attenuates dystrophinopathy?

1	How effective is the dentritic cells treatment on cancer?

0	Which are the major types of the motor speech disorder dysarthria?

0	What are the symptoms of abacavir hypersensitivity?

0	Which virus is Cidofovir (Vistide) indicated for?

0	How many periods of regulatory innovation led to the evolution of vertebrates?

0	What is Prudent Diet?

0	The secreted frizzled-related protein 3 (sFPR3) is altered in human cancers.Are its level found to increase or to decrease?

0	What is the gene mutated in the Gaucher disease?

0	Orteronel was developed for treatment of which cancer?

1	Which genes are involved in patient response to warfarin?

1	What is the role of SERCA in diabetic cardiomyopathy?

1	Does physical activity influence gut hormones?

0	What is hyperosmia

1	Are proteasome inhibitors good candidates for treatment of leukemia and solid tumors?

0	What are the major clinical Villefranche criteria for classic Ehlers-Danlos syndrome?

0	What is the mechanism of action of solanezumab?

1	What is the role of per genes in circadian rhythm control?

0	What is the Barr body?

0	How is oprozomib administered?

0	How early during pregnancy does non-invasive cffDNA testing allow sex determination of the fetus?

0	How is spastic diplegia diagnosed?

1	Which genes are affected in ROMANO-WARD syndrome?

1	Does metformin interfere thyroxine absorption?

0	Which are the common symptoms of Cushing's syndrome?

0	Which receptors are bound by Tasimelteon?

0	What is the treatment of subacute thyroiditis?

0	What is the target of the drug Olaparib?

1	How does exercise affect thyroid hormone receptors expression in the heart?

0	Name synonym of Acrokeratosis paraneoplastica.

1	Is valproic acid effective for glioblastoma treatment?

1	Which diseases is microRNA 132 (miR-132) implicated in?

0	What enzyme is inhibied by Opicapone?

1	Which is the genetic basis of Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA)?

0	Which genes are more frequently affected by somatic mutations in Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia

0	For the treatment of which conditions can atypical neuroleptic drugs be used?

0	Is Calcium homeostasis important in cardiac physiology and pathophysiology?

1	What clinical use aptamers may have?

0	What is the main characteristic of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis?

1	What is the function of the mammalian gene Irg1?

0	What is the genetic basis of tuberous sclerosis?

0	What molecule is targeted by brodalumab?

1	Are thyroid hormone receptor alpha1 mutations implicated in thyroid hormone resistance syndrome?

1	Is glycyl-tRNA synthetase gene involved in the development of Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease?

0	Which is the genetic defect causing Neurofibromatosis type 1?

0	List chromosomes that have been linked to Arnold Chiari syndrome in the literature.

0	Has depression been shown to be a predictor of frailty?

0	What are cancer driver genes?

0	What is known about depression in acoustic neuroma patients?

0	Mutation of which gene is associated with Achondroplasia?

0	Can venlafaxine block NET and SERT?

0	List the off-label use of SSRIs

1	Is CD56 useful in Ewing sarcoma prognosis?

0	Which JAK (Janus kinase) inhibitor is approved for treatment of rheumatoid arthritis?

0	Which antibiotics target peptidoglycan biosynthesis?

0	Which is the major symptom of the Doose syndrome?

0	Is progesterone effective for treatment of patients with traumatic brain injury based on clinical trial data?

1	Is there a role for the cylindromatosis tumor suppressor (CYLD) in lung cancer?

1	Is it safe to take isotretinoin during pregnancy?

1	Is lambrolizumab effective for treatment of patients with melanoma ?

1	Is apixaban effective for treatment of acute venous thromboembolism?

0	Which deficiency is the cause of restless leg syndrome?

0	Have mutations in the GARS gene been identified to cause Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease Type 2D (CMT2D)?

0	Is Weaver syndrome similar to Sotos?

0	What is the mode of inheritance of nemaline myopathy?

1	Is Alu hypomethylation associated with breast cancer?

0	What is known about clinical efficacy of ceftriaxone for treatment of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis?

0	Is Hirschsprung disease a mendelian or a multifactorial disorder?

0	Which is the most common cause of sudden cardiac death in young athletes?

1	Is microRNA(miRNA) 29 involved in post-ischemic cardiac remodeling?

1	What is the mode of action of everolimus?

0	What are the names of anti-CD52 monoclonal antibody that is used for treatment of multiple sclerosis patients?

1	Which transcription factors are involved in E-cadherin repression during EMT?

0	Does burning mouth syndrome preferentially affect post-mepopausal women?

1	Is cytisine superior to nicotine replacement therapy for smoking cessation?

0	What is the treatment of neuropathic pain in children?

0	What is the treatment of amiodarone-induced thyrotoxicosis?

1	Can life style changes reduce oxidative stress

0	Is it possible to detect survivin protein expression in normal human adult tissues?

0	List Hemolytic Uremic Syndrome Triad.

0	which mutations of phospholamban gene have been found to cause hypertrophic cardiomyopathy?

1	Can protein coding exons originate from ALU sequences?

0	GV1001 vaccine targets which enzyme?

0	What constitutes an increased risk for individuals with Fanconi anemia?

0	Which human genes are more commonly related to craniosynostosis?

0	Which is the primary distinction between the Reverse Warburg effect and the conventional Warburg effect?

1	Which pathological conditions are caused by mutations in the CYLD gene?

0	What medication were compared in the ROCKET AF Trial?

0	List the endoscopic diagnoses that have been reported in children with autism

0	Which viruses are best known to cause myocarditis?

0	List symptoms of 4H leukodystrophy.

1	Are people with blood group O protected against severe Malaria?

1	How could U1 small nuclear RNA be used in therapeutics?

1	Is paroxetine effective for treatment of premenstrual dysphoric disorder?

0	List three major features of the CCFDN syndrome.

0	Which syndrome is associated with mutant DVL1?

0	Which protein is causing Netherton syndrome?

0	For which type of diabetes can empagliflozin be used?

0	List symptoms of congenital toxoplasmosis triad.

0	Are there any urine biomarkers for chronic kidney disease?

0	What is the disease in which patients are sensitive to DNA crosslinking agents, presenting with a high frequency of chromosomal aberrations?

1	Is PTEN involved in follicular thyroid carcinoma?

1	Is desmin an intermediate filament protein involved in Dilated Cardiomyopathy (DCM)?

1	Is exome sequencing efficient for the detection of germline mutations?

1	Is nintedanib effective for Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis?

1	Is the tricarboxylic acid (TCA) cycle affected in inflammation?

1	How many genes are imprinted in the human genome?

0	Is cadasil syndrome a hereditary disease?

0	Which mutations of phopspholamban have been found in patients with cardiomyopathy?

0	Which enzyme is targeted by the drug Imetelstat?

1	Does MicroRNA-21 (miR-21) contribute to cardiovascular disease?

0	What are the clinical trial outcomes of metformin use in polycystic ovary disease?

0	What molecule is targeted by suvorexant?

1	Is CD84 genetically associated with arthritis?

0	At which kind of individuals is pharmacological treatment of subclinical hypothyroidism effective in reducing cardiovascular events?

0	Does d-tubocurarine (d-TC) induces irreversible inhibition of nicotinic acetylcholine receptor (nAChR) at the neuromuscular junction?

1	Is there an association between TERT promoter mutation and survival of glioma patients?

1	Is Vortioxetine effective for treatment of depression?

1	Is TENS machine effective in pain?

0	What is Tarlov Cyst?

0	List two common features of Tay syndrome.

1	Do mutations of AKT1 occur in meningiomas?

0	"How is connected ""isolated Non-compaction cardiomyopathy"" with dilated cardiomyopathy?"

0	Which deiodinases are present in skeletal  muscle?

1	Which mutations of alpha-myosin heavy chain gene are implicated in hypertrophic cardiomyopathy?

1	Does cortical spreading depression appear in ischemic penumbra following ischemic stroke?

1	is intense physical activity associated with longevity ?

0	Does thyroid hormone regulate calcium transient in the myocardium?

0	Which type of lung cancer is the most strongly associated with Lambert-Eaton syndrome?

0	Which signaling pathways have been associated with medulloblastoma formation and growth?

0	List available databases containing information about conserved noncoding elements.

1	What is the effect of ivabradine in heart failure after myocardial infarction?

0	What is known about prostate cancer screening in the UK ?

1	Is pesticide exposure associated with polyneuropathy?

0	What are the outcomes of Renal sympathetic denervation?

0	What is the generic name of Gliolan?

0	Have Quantitative Trait Loci affecting splicing (splicing QTLs) been linked to disease?

0	What is the characteristic feature of the Dyke-Davidoff-Masson syndrome.

0	Which signalling pathway is involved in Tuberous Sclerosis?

1	Can zinc finger nucleases be used to combat disease?

0	Is there an increased risk for cancer in Dyskeratosis Congenita?

0	Which neuroendocrine tumors are associated with specific tumor syndromes?

0	Which disease can be treated with Delamanid?

0	What is known about thalidomide therapy and survival of glioblastoma patients?

0	What is known about the effect of acupuncture in smoking cessation ?

1	Does administration of triiodothyronine improve outcome following coronary artery bypass grafting?

1	Is alemtuzumab effective for remission induction in patients diagnosed with T-cell prolymphocytic leukemia?

0	Which drugs are utilized to treat amiodarone-induced thyroitoxicosis?

0	Which treatment leads to an increase in neutrophil counts in severe congenital neutropenia?

0	How is OCT3 associated with serotonin?

0	What is the mode of inheritance of Facioscapulohumeral muscular dystrophy (FSHD)?

1	What is known about the association between the use of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors during pregnancy and risk for autism in offspring?

1	What are the effects of ILK ablation?

